docs/resources/app_input.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nuon_app_input Resource - terraform-provider-nuon"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Input configuration for an app.
---

# nuon_app_input (Resource)

Input configuration for an app.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The application ID.

### Optional

- `input` (Block Set) Required inputs that each install must provide for this app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--input))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The app input config id

<a id="nestedblock--input"></a>
### Nested Schema for `input`

Required:

- `default` (String) Default value for input
- `description` (String) Description of input.
- `display_name` (String) Human readable display name.
- `name` (String) The input name to be used, which will be used to expose this in the interpolation language, using `.nuon.install.inputs.input_name`

Optional:

- `required` (Boolean) Mark whether this input is required or not.
- `sensitive` (Boolean) Mark whether the input is required or not

Commit message:

feat: support app input groups (#145)

docs/resources/app_input.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nuon_app_input Resource - terraform-provider-nuon"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Input configuration for an app.
---

# nuon_app_input (Resource)

Input configuration for an app.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The application ID.

### Optional

- `group` (Block Set) Input group, which can be used to organize sets of inputs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--group))
- `input` (Block Set) Required inputs that each install must provide for this app. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--input))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The app input config id

<a id="nestedblock--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group`

Required:

- `description` (String) Description of input group.
- `display_name` (String) Human readable display name.
- `name` (String) The group name to be used.


<a id="nestedblock--input"></a>
### Nested Schema for `input`

Required:

- `default` (String) Default value for input
- `description` (String) Description of input.
- `display_name` (String) Human readable display name.
- `name` (String) The input name to be used, which will be used to expose this in the interpolation language, using `.nuon.install.inputs.input_name`

Optional:

- `required` (Boolean) Mark whether this input is required or not.
- `sensitive` (Boolean) Mark whether the input is required or not
