docs/resources/app_sandbox.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nuon_app_sandbox Resource - terraform-provider-nuon"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Sandbox configuration for an app.
---

# nuon_app_sandbox (Resource)

Sandbox configuration for an app.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The application ID.
- `terraform_version` (String) terraform version to use with sandbox

### Optional

- `builtin_sandbox_release_id` (String) release ID for a built in sandbox to use
- `connected_repo` (Attributes) A repo accessible via your Nuon connected github account (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connected_repo))
- `input` (Block Set) default sandbox inputs that will be used on each install. Can use Nuon interpolation language. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--input))
- `public_repo` (Attributes) A publically-accessible git repo. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--public_repo))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The sandbox config id

<a id="nestedatt--connected_repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connected_repo`

Required:

- `branch` (String) The default branch to create new builds from.
- `repo` (String) The https clone url

Optional:

- `directory` (String) The directory the component code is in.


<a id="nestedblock--input"></a>
### Nested Schema for `input`

Required:

- `name` (String) The input name to be used, which will be used as a terraform variable input to the sandbox.
- `value` (String) The static value, or interpolate value to set.


<a id="nestedatt--public_repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `public_repo`

Required:

- `branch` (String) The default branch to create new builds from.
- `repo` (String) The https clone url

Optional:

- `directory` (String) The directory the component code is in.

Commit message:

feat: rename inputs to vars on sandbox

docs/resources/app_sandbox.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nuon_app_sandbox Resource - terraform-provider-nuon"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Sandbox configuration for an app.
---

# nuon_app_sandbox (Resource)

Sandbox configuration for an app.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The application ID.
- `terraform_version` (String) terraform version to use with sandbox

### Optional

- `builtin_sandbox_release_id` (String) release ID for a built in sandbox to use
- `connected_repo` (Attributes) A repo accessible via your Nuon connected github account (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connected_repo))
- `public_repo` (Attributes) A publically-accessible git repo. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--public_repo))
- `var` (Block Set) default sandbox vars that will be used on each install. Can use Nuon interpolation language. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--var))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The sandbox config id

<a id="nestedatt--connected_repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connected_repo`

Required:

- `branch` (String) The default branch to create new builds from.
- `repo` (String) The https clone url

Optional:

- `directory` (String) The directory the component code is in.


<a id="nestedatt--public_repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `public_repo`

Required:

- `branch` (String) The default branch to create new builds from.
- `repo` (String) The https clone url

Optional:

- `directory` (String) The directory the component code is in.


<a id="nestedblock--var"></a>
### Nested Schema for `var`

Required:

- `name` (String) The var name to be used, which will be used as a terraform variable input to the sandbox.
- `value` (String) The static value, or interpolated value to set.
