docs/resources/container_image_component.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nuon_container_image_component Resource - terraform-provider-nuon"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Container images are used to connect any Docker, ECR or OCI compatible image to your app.
---

# nuon_container_image_component (Resource)

Container images are used to connect any Docker, ECR or OCI compatible image to your app.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) ID of the app this component belongs too.
- `name` (String) Component name

### Optional

- `aws_ecr` (Attributes) any image stored in ECR, with an IAM role that your org can assume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aws_ecr))
- `basic_deploy` (Attributes) Create a basic deployment of this image with a listener. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--basic_deploy))
- `env_var` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--env_var))
- `public` (Attributes) any public, Docker or oci image (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--public))
- `sync_only` (Boolean) Set to true to only use this image for syncing (ie: no deployment).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Component id

<a id="nestedatt--aws_ecr"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_ecr`

Required:

- `iam_role_arn` (String) iam_role_arn
- `image_url` (String) image_url
- `region` (String) ECR region
- `tag` (String) tag


<a id="nestedatt--basic_deploy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `basic_deploy`

Required:

- `port` (Number) Listen port

Optional:

- `health_check_path` (String) image_url
- `instance_count` (Number) Number of instances to run


<a id="nestedblock--env_var"></a>
### Nested Schema for `env_var`

Required:

- `name` (String) env var key
- `value` (String) Value - can be interpolated from any nuon value


<a id="nestedatt--public"></a>
### Nested Schema for `public`

Required:

- `image_url` (String) full image url, or docker hub alias (kennethreitz/httpbin)
- `tag` (String) tag

Commit message:

docs: set up templates directory and index
The Description and MarkdownDescription fields weren't flexible enough
to create the kind of docs we want. The `tfplugindocs` tool also
supports building from templates that provide more control over content
and layout.

docs/resources/container_image_component.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nuon_container_image_component Resource - terraform-provider-nuon"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use a Docker, ECR or OCI compatible image as a component.
---

# nuon_container_image_component (Resource)

Use a Docker, ECR or OCI compatible image as a component.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The unique ID of the app this component belongs too.
- `name` (String) The human-readable name of the component.

### Optional

- `aws_ecr` (Attributes) Use an image stored in AWS ECR. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aws_ecr))
- `basic_deploy` (Attributes) Create a basic deployment of this image with a listener. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--basic_deploy))
- `env_var` (Block List) Environment variables to export into the env when running the image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--env_var))
- `public` (Attributes) Use a publically-accessible image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--public))
- `sync_only` (Boolean) If true, this component will be synced to install registries, but not released.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID of the component.

<a id="nestedatt--aws_ecr"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_ecr`

Required:

- `iam_role_arn` (String) The AWS IAM role needed to access your ECR repo.
- `image_url` (String) The full URL of your ECR repo.
- `region` (String) The region of your ECR repo.
- `tag` (String) The image tag.


<a id="nestedatt--basic_deploy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `basic_deploy`

Required:

- `port` (Number) The port to listen on.

Optional:

- `health_check_path` (String) The path to use for health checks.
- `instance_count` (Number) The number of instances to run.


<a id="nestedblock--env_var"></a>
### Nested Schema for `env_var`

Required:

- `name` (String) The variable name to export to the env (e.g. API_TOKEN or PORT.)
- `value` (String) The variable value to export to the env. Can be any valid env var value, or interpolated from Nuon.


<a id="nestedatt--public"></a>
### Nested Schema for `public`

Required:

- `image_url` (String) The full image URL or docker hub alias (e.g. kennethreitz/httpbin).
- `tag` (String) The image tag.
