docs/resources/docker_build_component.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nuon_docker_build_component Resource - terraform-provider-nuon"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Build and release any image in a connected or public github repo.
---

# nuon_docker_build_component (Resource)

Build and release any image in a connected or public github repo.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nuon_app" "my_app" {
  name = "my_app"
}

data "nuon_connected_repo" "my_repo" {
  name = "my-github-org/my-repo"
}

resource "nuon_docker_build_component" "my_component" {
  name   = "my_component"
  app_id = nuon_app.my_app.id

  connected_repo = {
    directory = "example/docker"
    repo      = var.my_repo
    branch    = "main"
  }

  # manually set a variable
  env_var {
    name  = "some-var-name"
    value = "some-var-value"
  }

  # reference another component
  env_var {
    name  = "reference-to-other-component"
    value = "{{.nuon.components.some_other_component.outputs.s3_bucket_name}}"
  }

  # reference the install
  env_var {
    name  = "reference-to-install-attribute"
    value = "{{.nuon.install.public_domain}}"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The unique ID of the app this component belongs too.
- `name` (String) The human-readable name of the component.

### Optional

- `connected_repo` (Attributes) A repo accessible via your Nuon connected github account (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connected_repo))
- `dependencies` (List of String) Component dependencies
- `dockerfile` (String) The Dockerfile to build from.
- `env_var` (Block Set) Environment variables to export into the env when running the image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--env_var))
- `public_repo` (Attributes) A publically-accessible git repo. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--public_repo))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID of the component.

<a id="nestedatt--connected_repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connected_repo`

Required:

- `branch` (String) The default branch to create new builds from.
- `repo` (String) The https clone url

Optional:

- `directory` (String) The directory the component code is in.


<a id="nestedblock--env_var"></a>
### Nested Schema for `env_var`

Required:

- `name` (String) The variable name to export to the env (e.g. API_TOKEN or PORT.)
- `value` (String) The variable value to export to the env. Can be any valid env var value, or interpolated from Nuon.


<a id="nestedatt--public_repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `public_repo`

Required:

- `branch` (String) The default branch to create new builds from.
- `repo` (String) The https clone url

Optional:

- `directory` (String) The directory the component code is in.

Commit message:

feat: add support for new app/component fields (#130)
* feat: add component `var_name` and app `description`

* chore: update docs

* fix field

docs/resources/docker_build_component.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nuon_docker_build_component Resource - terraform-provider-nuon"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Build and release any image in a connected or public github repo.
---

# nuon_docker_build_component (Resource)

Build and release any image in a connected or public github repo.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nuon_app" "my_app" {
  name = "my_app"
}

data "nuon_connected_repo" "my_repo" {
  name = "my-github-org/my-repo"
}

resource "nuon_docker_build_component" "my_component" {
  name   = "my_component"
  app_id = nuon_app.my_app.id

  connected_repo = {
    directory = "example/docker"
    repo      = var.my_repo
    branch    = "main"
  }

  # manually set a variable
  env_var {
    name  = "some-var-name"
    value = "some-var-value"
  }

  # reference another component
  env_var {
    name  = "reference-to-other-component"
    value = "{{.nuon.components.some_other_component.outputs.s3_bucket_name}}"
  }

  # reference the install
  env_var {
    name  = "reference-to-install-attribute"
    value = "{{.nuon.install.public_domain}}"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The unique ID of the app this component belongs too.
- `name` (String) The human-readable name of the component.

### Optional

- `connected_repo` (Attributes) A repo accessible via your Nuon connected github account (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connected_repo))
- `dependencies` (List of String) Component dependencies
- `dockerfile` (String) The Dockerfile to build from.
- `env_var` (Block Set) Environment variables to export into the env when running the image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--env_var))
- `public_repo` (Attributes) A publically-accessible git repo. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--public_repo))
- `var_name` (String) The optional var name to be used when referencing this component.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID of the component.

<a id="nestedatt--connected_repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connected_repo`

Required:

- `branch` (String) The default branch to create new builds from.
- `repo` (String) The https clone url

Optional:

- `directory` (String) The directory the component code is in.


<a id="nestedblock--env_var"></a>
### Nested Schema for `env_var`

Required:

- `name` (String) The variable name to export to the env (e.g. API_TOKEN or PORT.)
- `value` (String) The variable value to export to the env. Can be any valid env var value, or interpolated from Nuon.


<a id="nestedatt--public_repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `public_repo`

Required:

- `branch` (String) The default branch to create new builds from.
- `repo` (String) The https clone url

Optional:

- `directory` (String) The directory the component code is in.
