docs/resources/helm_chart_component.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nuon_helm_chart_component Resource - terraform-provider-nuon"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Deploy any helm chart
---

# nuon_helm_chart_component (Resource)

Deploy any helm chart



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) ID of the app this component belongs too.
- `chart_name` (String) Name that the chart will get installed as.
- `name` (String) Component name

### Optional

- `connected_repo` (Attributes) Repo accessible via your Nuon connected github account (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connected_repo))
- `public_repo` (Attributes) any public git/github repo (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--public_repo))
- `value` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--value))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Component id

<a id="nestedatt--connected_repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connected_repo`

Required:

- `branch` (String) Default branch to create new builds from.
- `repo` (String) Public https: clone url  (eg: https://github.com/jonmorehouse/go-httpbin.git)

Optional:

- `directory` (String) Static git ref to create new builds from.


<a id="nestedatt--public_repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `public_repo`

Required:

- `branch` (String) Default branch to create new builds from.
- `repo` (String) Public https: clone url  (eg: https://github.com/jonmorehouse/go-httpbin.git)

Optional:

- `directory` (String) Directory


<a id="nestedblock--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `value`

Required:

- `name` (String) helm values to set, such as `env.secret` or `server.container.image`
- `value` (String) Value - can be interpolated from any nuon value

Commit message:

docs: set up templates directory and index (#21)
The Description and MarkdownDescription fields weren't flexible enough
to create the kind of docs we want. The `tfplugindocs` tool also
supports building from templates that provide more control over content
and layout.

docs/resources/helm_chart_component.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nuon_helm_chart_component Resource - terraform-provider-nuon"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Release a helm chart.
---

# nuon_helm_chart_component (Resource)

Release a helm chart.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The unique ID of the app this component belongs too.
- `chart_name` (String) The name to install the chart with.
- `name` (String) The human-readable name of the component.

### Optional

- `connected_repo` (Attributes) A repo accessible via your Nuon connected github account (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connected_repo))
- `public_repo` (Attributes) A publically-accessible git repo. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--public_repo))
- `value` (Block List) Environment variables to export into the env when running the image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--value))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID of the component.

<a id="nestedatt--connected_repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connected_repo`

Required:

- `branch` (String) The default branch to create new builds from.
- `repo` (String) The https clone url

Optional:

- `directory` (String) The directory the component code is in.


<a id="nestedatt--public_repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `public_repo`

Required:

- `branch` (String) The default branch to create new builds from.
- `repo` (String) The https clone url

Optional:

- `directory` (String) The directory the component code is in.


<a id="nestedblock--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `value`

Required:

- `name` (String) The variable name to export to the env (e.g. API_TOKEN or PORT.)
- `value` (String) The variable value to export to the env. Can be any valid env var value, or interpolated from Nuon.
