docs/resources/installer.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nuon_installer Resource - terraform-provider-nuon"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Nuon installer for one or more apps.
---

# nuon_installer (Resource)

A Nuon installer for one or more apps.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_ids` (Set of String) App IDs to connect to this installer.
- `description` (String) Short description of app.
- `documentation_url` (String) Documentation url
- `favicon_url` (String) Favicon url
- `github_url` (String) GitHub url, link to application.
- `homepage_url` (String) Homepage url
- `logo_url` (String) Logo image to display on page.
- `name` (String) App name to render on install page.

### Optional

- `community_url` (String) Community url to a slack or discord, etc.
- `copyright_markdown` (String) Markdown that rendered in the copyright section.
- `demo_url` (String) Demo url to show
- `footer_markdown` (String) Markdown that will be rendered in the footer section.
- `post_install_markdown` (String) Markdown that will be shown to users after a successful install. Supports interpolation.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID of the app.

Commit message:

feat: add new field og_image_url to installer metadata
Signed-off-by: fidiego <sayheytofred@gmail.com>

docs/resources/installer.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: 'nuon_installer Resource - terraform-provider-nuon'
subcategory: ''
description: |-
  A Nuon installer for one or more apps.
---

# nuon_installer (Resource)

A Nuon installer for one or more apps.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `app_ids` (Set of String) App IDs to connect to this installer.
- `description` (String) Short description of app.
- `documentation_url` (String) Documentation url
- `favicon_url` (String) Favicon url
- `github_url` (String) GitHub url, link to application.
- `homepage_url` (String) Homepage url
- `logo_url` (String) Logo image to display on page.
- `name` (String) App name to render on install page.

### Optional

- `og_image_url` (String) Open Graph image url
- `community_url` (String) Community url to a slack or discord, etc.
- `copyright_markdown` (String) Markdown that rendered in the copyright section.
- `demo_url` (String) Demo url to show
- `footer_markdown` (String) Markdown that will be rendered in the footer
  section.
- `post_install_markdown` (String) Markdown that will be shown to users after a
  successful install. Supports interpolation.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID of the app.
