docs/resources/job_component.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nuon_job_component Resource - terraform-provider-nuon"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Release a container as a k8s job.
---

# nuon_job_component (Resource)

Release a container as a k8s job.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nuon_app" "my_app" {
  name = "my_app"
}

resource "nuon_job_component" "job" {
  name   = "my_job"
  app_id = nuon_app.my_app.id

  image_url = "bitnami/kubectl"
  tag       = "latest"
  cmd       = ["kubectl"]
  args      = ["get", "pods", "-A"]

  env_var {
    name  = "NUON_APP_ID"
    value = "{{.nuon.app.id}}"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The unique ID of the app this component belongs too.
- `image_url` (String) The full image URL or docker hub alias (e.g. kennethreitz/httpbin).
- `name` (String) The human-readable name of the component.
- `tag` (String) The image tag.

### Optional

- `args` (List of String) Arguments to pass to the command.
- `cmd` (List of String) The command to execute.
- `dependencies` (List of String) Component dependencies
- `env_var` (Block Set) Environment variables to export into the env when running the image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--env_var))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID of the component.

<a id="nestedblock--env_var"></a>
### Nested Schema for `env_var`

Required:

- `name` (String) The variable name to export to the env (e.g. API_TOKEN or PORT.)
- `value` (String) The variable value to export to the env. Can be any valid env var value, or interpolated from Nuon.

Commit message:

feat: add support for new app/component fields (#130)
* feat: add component `var_name` and app `description`

* chore: update docs

* fix field

docs/resources/job_component.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nuon_job_component Resource - terraform-provider-nuon"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Release a container as a k8s job.
---

# nuon_job_component (Resource)

Release a container as a k8s job.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nuon_app" "my_app" {
  name = "my_app"
}

resource "nuon_job_component" "job" {
  name   = "my_job"
  app_id = nuon_app.my_app.id

  image_url = "bitnami/kubectl"
  tag       = "latest"
  cmd       = ["kubectl"]
  args      = ["get", "pods", "-A"]

  env_var {
    name  = "NUON_APP_ID"
    value = "{{.nuon.app.id}}"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The unique ID of the app this component belongs too.
- `image_url` (String) The full image URL or docker hub alias (e.g. kennethreitz/httpbin).
- `name` (String) The human-readable name of the component.
- `tag` (String) The image tag.

### Optional

- `args` (List of String) Arguments to pass to the command.
- `cmd` (List of String) The command to execute.
- `dependencies` (List of String) Component dependencies
- `env_var` (Block Set) Environment variables to export into the env when running the image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--env_var))
- `var_name` (String) The optional var name to be used when referencing this component.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID of the component.

<a id="nestedblock--env_var"></a>
### Nested Schema for `env_var`

Required:

- `name` (String) The variable name to export to the env (e.g. API_TOKEN or PORT.)
- `value` (String) The variable value to export to the env. Can be any valid env var value, or interpolated from Nuon.
