---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nuon_terraform_module_component Resource - terraform-provider-nuon"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Release a terraform module.
---

# nuon_terraform_module_component (Resource)

Release a terraform module.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The unique ID of the app this component belongs too.
- `name` (String) The human-readable name of the component.

### Optional

- `connected_repo` (Attributes) A repo accessible via your Nuon connected github account (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connected_repo))
- `public_repo` (Attributes) A publically-accessible git repo. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--public_repo))
- `terraform_version` (String) The version of Terraform to use.
- `var` (Block List) Terraform variables to set when applying the Terraform configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--var))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID of the component.

<a id="nestedatt--connected_repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connected_repo`

Required:

- `branch` (String) The default branch to create new builds from.
- `repo` (String) The https clone url

Optional:

- `directory` (String) The directory the component code is in.


<a id="nestedatt--public_repo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `public_repo`

Required:

- `branch` (String) The default branch to create new builds from.
- `repo` (String) The https clone url

Optional:

- `directory` (String) The directory the component code is in.


<a id="nestedblock--var"></a>
### Nested Schema for `var`

Required:

- `name` (String) The variable name to write to the terraform.tfvars file (e.g. bucket_name or db_name.)
- `value` (String) The variable value to write to the terraform.tfvars file. Can be any valid Terraform value, or interpolated from Nuon.
